C++20 co_await support for Embind promises (#20420)
emscripten-core/emscripten: site/source/docs/api_reference/val.h.rst

      .. note:: This method requires :ref:`Asyncify` to be enabled.

  .. cpp:function:: val operator co_await() const

>    The ``co_await`` operator allows to await JavaScript promises represented by ``val``.

Reviewer: Change to: The ``co_await`` operator allows awaiting on JavaScript promises represented by ``val``.

Author: Small ask if you don't mind: could you please use Github's "Add a suggestion" block for small suggestions like these? Then I could quickly accept them directly from UI.

Author: I'll do it myself for these few.

```suggestion
   The ``co_await`` operator allows awaiting JavaScript promises represented by ``val``.
```

   It's compatible with any C++20 coroutines, but should be normally used inside
   a ``val``-returning coroutine which will also become a ``Promise``.

>    For example, it allows to implement an equivalent of this JavaScript ``async``/``await`` function:

Reviewer: Change to: For example, it allows you to implement the equivalent of this JavaScript...

Author: ```suggestion
   For example, it allows you to implement the equivalent of this JavaScript ``async``/``await`` function:
```
